5.3.0 (#108)
MetaMask/action-npm-publish: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [5.3.0]
### Changed
- Only enable command logging if `RUNNER_DEBUG` is set ([#94](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/pull/94), [#105](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/pull/105))
- Use environment variables for script inputs ([#104](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/pull/104))

### Fixed

> - Fix backwards diff ([#98](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/pull/98))

Reviewer: I don't have context on what exactly this is fixing, and the PR description isn't very helpful either. Open for suggestions here.

Reviewer 2: It fixes this issue: https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/issues/96

The "additions" and "removals" in the diff were backwards

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
- Fix bug in release diff report, where additions and removals were reversed ([#98](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-npm-publish/pull/98))
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, your rewording looks good to me
